well howdy there Internet people it's Bo
again so uh I love coffee love it a
bunch of different flavors keep multiple
flavors on hand at all time there's that
old saying I like my women like I like
my coffee I do bold and strong enough to
stand on its own
Border Patrol said they felt threatened
by aoc overseas viewers I'll keep asking
what's an AOC AOC is a young
representative and in our Congress and
she's about five five 120 pounds soaking
wet 54 kilos she's not a physically
intimidating woman but they said they
felt threatened the buyer now of course
there's a bunch of jokes going around
about why they felt threatened by her
one is that we all know that you know
American law enforcement fears for their
life anytime they're around a brown
person and then the other is that they
don't have her child held hostage to get
in compliance
they're actually not really great jokes
I have a different theory as to why they
feel threatened by her men in this
country they generally get their moral
compass from their mother
that's who corrects their behavior
I think that may play into it men
determine their morality based on the
opinions of women it's it's a thing
especially men who engage in the
profession of arms their morality gets
lost along the way so they look to those
around them this is important you know
we've talked about speaking the language
of the person you're talking to all
locked and people asked in that one
video why used Brits list instead of the
older one that he may be plagiarized the
older one is full of philosophical
jargon it's less relatable the people
that I want to understand it it's not
you guys it's the people you're gonna
share it to they may not grasp it what
we have to understand and we have to
keep in mind and this isn't an elitist
thing this is a reality Trump supporters
are not a well-educated demographic
that's a fact and you can see this in
how they respond to criticisms okay they
get called deplorable so first they
google it and find out what it means and
then they focus on one piece of it and
kind of embrace it it's why you have so
many people walking around saying I'm an
infidel now you go to church you're not
an infidel you just don't know what that
word me
we need to remember that when we are
having these discussions we need to keep
it simple and ladies y'all are on the
front line on this one because you have
the ability to question their morals I
want you to start using the word
dishonorable something that can't be
confused can't be picked up and embraced
these actions are dishonorable no
honorable man would do these things play
into it these guys tend to they tend to
cast themselves as men's men you know
the sons of pioneers and all of that I
mean we know that isn't true
based on their susceptibility to fear
but that's what they like to believe
they are this is dishonorable another
word to use on American and you'll of
course get some pushback on that these
are Americans know the migrants the
immigrants they embody the American
spirit you don't well they're trying to
protect the country I don't need
protection from Toddlers I don't need
protection from teen mothers you have to
question their masculinity it is time to
use toxic masculinity as as an advantage
these things that they're engaging in
they fit no definition of masculinity
not real masculinity but they fit very
well into that toxic masculinity that
desire for control we need to use it and
it will be effective but ladies it's
gonna be you that has to do it it's
gonna be so much more powerful coming
from you if Border Patrol starts to be
seen as dishonorable well you'll see
changes in a bunch of different ways
it's it's a image we need to work to
cast at every opportunity these actions
are not honorable they're not telling a
mother that she needs to drink out of a
toilet is not honorable and I know
there's already the excuses going around
about that
if the bottom worked the top works
that's how plumbing works unless the
faucets broke the fixture itself master
plumber well you know their joint yeah
they are joint and one side of it can
break this is and the top was broke
they're going to do anything they can to
excuse the behavior and debate the
little trivial facts they're going to
try to spin those they can't spin the
morality of this this is dishonorable it
needs to be hammered home and every
opportunity anyway it's just a thought
y'all y'all have a good night